prompt editor now supports at mentions (#911)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/cody/capabilities/prompts.mdx

You can assign multiple tags to a prompt and group them based on their functionality, category, or any other criteria for your organization. In addition, with tags assigned to prompts, you can filter prompts by tags in the Prompt Library.

## Specific and dynamic context

<Callout type="info">The `@` mention menu is available in the prompt editor starting with Sourcegraph 6.0.</Callout>

When writing prompts, you can leverage both specific and dynamic context through the `@` mention system.

![A dropdown appears after typing `@` in the prompt editor.](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/Docs/at-mentions-dropdown.png)

Type `@` to open a dropdown menu that lets you reference specific context like symbols, directories, files, repositories and web URLs.

> When selecting a Web URL, please type out the domain including the https:// prefix, for example https://sourcegraph.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When selecting a web URL, type out the domain, including the `https://` prefix, for example, https://sourcegraph.com.
```

For dynamic context that adapts based on what the user is working on, the prompt editor provides special mentions for the current selection, current file, current repository, current directory, and open tabs.
When a user runs a prompt template containing dynamic context mentions, they are automatically resolved to the appropriate specific context based on the user's current workspace state.

> To add dynamic context, please click on one of the buttons below the prompt editor. We will soon move the buttons into the `@` mention menu as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add dynamic context, click on one of the buttons below the prompt editor. We will soon move the buttons into the `@` mention menu as well.
```

> This powerful combination allows prompt authors to create templates that can intelligently access both explicitly defined context as well as contextually relevant information at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This powerful combination allows prompt authors to create templates that can intelligently access both explicitly defined context and contextually relevant information at runtime.
```
